I started running 29 years ago
my running and meditation have always
gone together meditation is such a
natural thing everybody has meditated
before you if you think of when you were
at the ocean and the Sun was rising
later in the woods and it was all green
and sort of misty and peaceful
that's meditation
I try to go into my heart and I try to
not focus on my minds thoughts and so
forth but just focus on joy and
beautiful qualities that I want to bring
forward in myself and positive things
when you get to the point where you can
focus your mind and really just
concentrate then meditation is like an
expansion psyche an opening
too many people in marathon seems like
very long distance a lot of people who
run know about hundred mile races but
sure 3100 miles is definitely like a big
stretch